Release announce of Test-Frame (#16)
skodjob/blog: posts/releases/test-frame-release-0.1.0-alpha2.md

---
title: Announcing Test-Frame 0.1.0-alpha2
menu_order: 1
post_status: publish

> post_excerpt: First release Test-Frame is out!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
post_excerpt: First release of Test-Frame is out!
```

featured_image: _images/test-frame-0.1.1-alpha2-release.jpg
author: kornys
taxonomy:
  category:
    - releases
---

## Announcing Test-Frame 0.1.0-alpha2: Elevate Your Testing Game

> We are thrilled to announce the latest release of Test-Frame, version 0.1.0-alpha2, a testament to our continuous effort to provide developers with a robust and intuitive testing framework that simplifies and accelerates the testing process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are thrilled to announce the latest release of Test-Frame, version **0.1.0-alpha2**, a testament to our continuous effort to provide developers with a robust and intuitive testing framework that simplifies and accelerates the testing process.
```

> We are thrilled to announce the latest release of Test-Frame, version 0.1.0-alpha2, a testament to our continuous effort to provide developers with a robust and intuitive testing framework that simplifies and accelerates the testing process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are thrilled to announce the latest release of Test-Frame, version `0.1.0-alpha2`, a testament to our continuous effort to provide developers with a robust and intuitive testing framework that simplifies and accelerates the testing process.
```

Reviewer: or
```suggestion
We are thrilled to announce the latest release of Test-Frame, version **0.1.0-alpha2**, a testament to our continuous effort to provide developers with a robust and intuitive testing framework that simplifies and accelerates the testing process.
```

> We are thrilled to announce the latest release of Test-Frame, version **0.1.0-alpha2**, a testament to our continuous effort to provide developers with a robust and intuitive testing framework that simplifies and accelerates the testing process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We are thrilled to announce the latest release of Test-Frame, version **0.1.0-alpha2**, a testament to our continuous effort to provide developers with a robust and intuitive testing library that simplifies and accelerates the testing process.
```

This release embodies our commitment to innovation, quality, and the open-source community.

### What's New in 0.1.0-alpha2?
The **0.1.0-alpha2** release introduces a suite of enhancements and new features designed to improve your testing workflow.

#### Highlights of this release include:

> * KubeResourceManager for storing, managing and cleaning Kubernetes resources during test phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `KubeResourceManager` for storing, managing, and cleaning Kubernetes resources during the test phase.
```

> * Kubernetes api client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kubernetes API client
```

* Kubernetes command line client
* Executor of command line commands

> * Kubernetes and Openshift resources implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kubernetes and OpenShift resources implementation
```

* Kubernetes utilities

For a detailed list of changes and improvements, we encourage you to review the [release notes on GitHub](https://github.com/skodjob/test-frame/releases/tag/0.1.0-alpha2).

### Dive Deeper into Test-Frame

If you're new to Test-Frame or looking to get a more comprehensive overview of its capabilities, our introductory post, [Test-Frame Introduction](https://skodjob.io/tools/test-frame-introduction/) is the perfect starting point.
Learn about the philosophy behind Test-Frame, its core features, and how it can transform your testing strategy.

### Join the Test-Frame Community

> Test-Frame is more than just a testing tool; it's a growing community of developers passionate about quality software development.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Test-Frame is more than just a testing library; it's a growing community of developers passionate about quality software development.
```

> We invite you to join us on [GitHub](https://github.com/skodjob), where you can contribute to the project, share your feedback, and collaborate with fellow developers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We invite you to join us on [GitHub](https://github.com/skodjob/test-frame), where you can contribute to the project, share your feedback, and collaborate with fellow developers.
```

Whether you're submitting a bug report, proposing new features, or contributing code, your input is invaluable in shaping the future of Test-Frame.

### Looking Ahead

The journey of Test-Frame is just beginning. As we celebrate the release of **0.1.0-alpha2**, our team is already hard at work planning future updates that will continue to enhance functionality, improve user experience, and support the evolving needs of developers.

> We're excited about the roadmap ahead and look forward to sharing more updates with you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're excited about the roadmap, and we look forward to keeping you posted about further updates.
```
Maybe something like this? This sentence sounds a little weird to me.
